docs: Enhance contributing guide with issue assignment info (#1599)
probabl-ai/skore: CONTRIBUTING.rst

    make install-skore

Choosing an issue
-----------------

If you are starting to contribute to open-source, you can start by an [issue tagged `good first issue`](https://github.com/probabl-ai/skore/issues?q=is%3Aissue%20state%3Aopen%20label%3A%22good%20first%20issue%22).

The implementation of some issues are not very detailed. You can either propose a solution, or choose only the issues with a Status "Ready".

Working on Issues
""""""""""""""""""

Getting Assigned to an Issue
"""""""""""""""""""""""""""

> Before starting work on a pull request, please follow these steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before starting to work on a pull request, please follow these steps:
```

Reviewer 2: the grammar is correct in both cases

1. **Find an issue to work on**: Browse the `GitHub issues <https://github.com/probabl-ai/skore/issues>`_ list. Issues labeled with `"good first issue" <https://github.com/probabl-ai/skore/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22good+first+issue%22>`_ are particularly suitable for newcomers.

2. **Request assignment**: Comment on the issue you'd like to work on, asking to be assigned. Due to GitHub limitations, external contributors cannot assign themselves to existing issues and must request assignment from maintainers.

3. **Wait for confirmation**: A maintainer will review your request and assign the issue to you if appropriate. Assignment is typically done on a first-come, first-served basis.

4. **Begin work**: Once assigned, you can start working on the issue. Be sure to link your PR to the issue when submitting.

Issue Assignment Guidelines
"""""""""""""""""""""""""""

- **Assignment Duration**: If you've been assigned to an issue but haven't submitted a PR or provided updates for more than two weeks, maintainers may unassign you to allow others to work on it.

> - **Already Assigned Issues**: If an issue is already assigned to someone, please respect that assignment unless the issue has been stalled for an extended period (usually more than two weeks without activity).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Already Assigned Issues**: If an issue is already assigned to someone, please respect that assignment (unless the previous contributor has been unassigned due to long inactivity).
```
